com/example/nearbuy_app/StoriesModel.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.StoriesModel
com/example/nearbuy_app/SalonModel.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.SalonModel
com/example/nearbuy_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.BuildConfig
com/example/nearbuy_app/ResturantModel.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ResturantModel
com/example/nearbuy_app/OnClickListner.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.OnClickListner
com/example/nearbuy_app/popularHangoutsModel.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.popularHangoutsModel
com/example/nearbuy_app/HelpActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.HelpActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/PaymentActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.PaymentActivity
 com.example.nearbuy_app.PaymentActivity$1
 com.example.nearbuy_app.PaymentActivity$2
com/example/nearbuy_app/StoriesActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.StoriesActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/SalonViewHolder.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.SalonViewHolder
 com.example.nearbuy_app.SalonViewHolder$1
com/example/nearbuy_app/CreditActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.CreditActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/SalonActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.SalonActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/popularHangoutsActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.popularHangoutsActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/ResturantActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ResturantActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/EnterMoNoScreen.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.EnterMoNoScreen
com/example/nearbuy_app/LoginStart.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.LoginStart
 com.example.nearbuy_app.LoginStart$1
com/example/nearbuy_app/MapScreen.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MapScreen
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MapScreen$1
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MapScreen$2
com/example/nearbuy_app/RestutantAdapter.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.RestutantAdapter
com/example/nearbuy_app/StoriesViewHolder.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.StoriesViewHolder
com/example/nearbuy_app/MainActivity2.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$1
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$10
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$11
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$12
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$13
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$2
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$3
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$4
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$5
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$6
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$7
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$8
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity2$9
com/example/nearbuy_app/CardActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.CardActivity
 com.example.nearbuy_app.CardActivity$1
com/example/nearbuy_app/popularHangoutsViewHolder.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.popularHangoutsViewHolder
 com.example.nearbuy_app.popularHangoutsViewHolder$1
com/example/nearbuy_app/ShareAndRateActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ShareAndRateActivity
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ShareAndRateActivity$1
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ShareAndRateActivity$2
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ShareAndRateActivity$3
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ShareAndRateActivity$4
com/example/nearbuy_app/ResturantViewHolder.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ResturantViewHolder
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ResturantViewHolder$1
com/example/nearbuy_app/PromocodesActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.PromocodesActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/OpeningActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.OpeningActivity
 com.example.nearbuy_app.OpeningActivity$1
com/example/nearbuy_app/popularHangoutsAdapter.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.popularHangoutsAdapter
com/example/nearbuy_app/WebActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.WebActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/StoriesAdapter.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.StoriesAdapter
com/example/nearbuy_app/MenuActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity$1
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity$2
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity$3
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity$4
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity$5
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity$6
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity$7
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MenuActivity$8
com/example/nearbuy_app/NotificationActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.NotificationActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ProfileActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/MainActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity
 com.example.nearbuy_app.MainActivity$1
com/example/nearbuy_app/PurchaseActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.PurchaseActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/ReservationActivity.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.ReservationActivity
com/example/nearbuy_app/SalonAdapter.java
 com.example.nearbuy_app.SalonAdapter
